[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave QD
and this is a video in which laptop GPU
to by now if you have an unlimited
budget you can drop like three or four
or even five thousand dollars on a
gaming laptop with 4k gaming
capabilities it's awesome but if you're
like most people you have a limited
budget and you're trying to choose
between some cheaper gaming options this
video is for you
so these are the laptop graphics chips
we're going to look at and if you care
about specs you can pause the screen and
check them out now there's a bit of
confusion to the naming system that
Nvidia gave this generation of laptop
graphics chips so last generation there
was a gtx 960m
and the 970m those were 50 watts and 80
watt TDP video cards so the water's
number refers to the amount of thermal
energy that you need to dissipate from
those chips these line up with the GTX
1050 and the GTX 1060 chips these are
also 50 watt and 80 watt ships it's a
little confusing so sometimes in the
comments we'll see people asking why you
comparing a 960 M with a 1050 it should
be comparing a 960 M with a 1060 but
that's just not the case
it's 960 m with a 1050 that's just the
way the Nvidia made it this year and the
reason why is to compare trips by
wattage is because the higher the
wattage the more cooling you need to
build into the laptop to remove it you
can't put an 80 watt graphics chip into
a laptop designed to cool a 50 watt chip
and then you can't put a 50 watt ship
into a laptop designed to cool a 35
watch it just doesn't work okay let's
talk about graphical performance if we
look into a benchmark program like fire
strength so far strike 1.1 and we assume
that the 960 M is like the base score
the GTX 1050 is around 25% better the
970 m is around 70% better the 1050 Ti
is around 75% better and the gtx 1060 is
way better it's like two and a half
times so these scores don't always
translate to the same percentage
increase in gaming frame rates but
they're usually close starting with some
lightweight games like dota 2 at 1080p
on Ultra settings I haven't played this
game in forever and it already ran
nicely on the 960 m but if you're after
a better visual quality or higher for
these new cards are nice next up is
overwatch still a relatively lightweight
game it's playable on any of these cards
in fact most of my overwatch career
isn't spent on a gtx 960m
but on the newer cards can get some
significantly better frame rates or
image quality doom like the new doom is
a step up in hardware requirements and
on the 960m it's really not playable on
high settings you'll need to drop
resolution or graphics quality but on
the 1050 P I can get some really smooth
frame rates on high graphics quality
battlefield one is a bit more demanding
especially with some multiplayer maps
here we're actually starting to see a
drop-off in frame rates even on the 1050
Ti we can't quite hit 60 frames per
second on high settings you need to play
on the gtx 1062 break 60 frames per
second on high graphics rise of the Tomb
Raider pushes all these shifts pretty
hard the gtx 1060 will break 60 frames
per second on high settings but even
then it's getting close it'll dip below
60 pretty often and I'd say that this
game is kind of where the gtx 1050 Ti
reaches those limits for a really good
image quality at 1080p and then lastly
witcher 3 which I'm sure you guys are
sick of seeing but it's a very well
optimised game and uses your hardware
effectively it's a beast of a game and
it's not an enjoyable experience unless
you have some pretty good hardware and
in this case lower end karts just don't
cut it if VR is you're saying the only
card that can comfortably handle VR and
is officially VR ready is the laptop gtx
1060 the 1050 Ti is kind of capable I've
tested it on some lighter games that are
dropping too many frames but it's not
ideal in regards to video editing
there's a slight improvement in render
times as you get better GPUs but it's
not huge the performance gains are more
pronounced with higher res little I've
case garlic footage I'm not sure why it
might be beer emulated but in general
video editing performance in Adobe is
much more CPU dependent the last thing I
want to talk about is pricing and for a
lot of people this is the most important
factor a laptop with a gtx 960m starts
at around $700 a laptop with a 1050 will
start around $800 a 970 m device tends
to be $1,000 or more a laptop with a
1050 Ti and will be around 900 and a lot
of top of the gtx 1060 starts at around
$1,300 so i did the math
[Music]
okay it's pretty obvious the one was the
best value is the gtx 750ti and it's not
that the other ones are our bad value
it's just that for current titles
playing at 1080p resolutions with a 60
Hertz screen which is like your standard
gaming laptop screen you're getting the
best value there and my guess is that
you're going to get two maybe even three
years of scheming at really good frame
rates like 60 frames per second or
higher with really good image quality
and at that price it just it's a really
good deal it's kind of crazy that you're
getting this kind of image quality with
just kind of frame rates at this kind of
price pretty cool now there's one last
thing I'm giving away two laptops the
first is the Dell Inspiron
75-67 this is the gtx 1050 TI with the
i5 and the second laptop and give them
away this one's a little better the msi
GST 3 this is a gtx 1060 i've done
reviews for both of them I'll link the
videos down below to win them I mean you
should be subscribed and all that to
this channel but it's actually not going
to be a youtube contest and run it on my
other social media probably on Twitter
maybe Instagram maybe one on each I
haven't decided yet but when this video
goes live maybe wait like 2 or 3 days
and you'll see a details post on my
social media accounts as to how to win
them so if you're interested in winning
one or yeah you can only win one you
can't win both if you're interested in
winning one of these follow me there
that's the end of this video hope you
guys enjoyed it thumbs if you did
subject it see you guys next time
[Music]